Add documentation to integrate Dash/Alfred. #213 (#327)
wp-cli/handbook: installing.md

To have this change take effect in your currently active shell, run `source ~/.zshrc` afterwards.

### Dash/Alfred workflow

> If you're using _Dash_ and _Alfred_, you can look up WP-CLI command information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using _Dash_ and _Alfred_, you can add a custom Alfred workflow to look up WP-CLI command information.
```

#### Setup
 
Open Dash and download the [WP-CLI docset](https://github.com/wp-cli/dash-docset-generator):
Dash › Preferences › Downloads › User Contributions › Search for WP-CLI

Still in Dash, activate the Alfred integration:
Dash › Preferences › Integration › Alfred

#### Usage

> Open Alfred and search for: `wp-cli plugin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Alfred and try searching for a specific command. For example, this gives you an overview of the `plugin` command and its subcommands: `wp-cli plugin`
```
